redshift_skip_autocommit_transaction_statements defaults to false (#9042)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/global-configs/redshift-changes.md

While you shouldn't notice any behavior changes due to this change, however, to be cautious dbt Labs is gating it behind a behavior-change flag and encouraging you to test it before it becoming the default.
-->

## The `redshift_skip_autocommit_transaction_statements` flag {#redshift_skip_autocommit_transaction_statements-flag}

Available starting `dbt-redshift` 1.12.0.

> The `redshift_skip_autocommit_transaction_statements` flag controls whether dbt sends explicit [`BEGIN`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/dg/r_BEGIN.html), [`COMMIT`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/dg/r_COMMIT.html), and [`ROLLBACK`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/dg/r_ROLLBACK.html) statements to Amazon Redshift when the connection runs with autocommit enabled. Since `dbt-redshift` 1.5, the default Redshift connection uses `autocommit=True`, so the driver already commits each statement. In that setup, the statements are redundant with autocommit and add extra round trips to Redshift.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `redshift_skip_autocommit_transaction_statements` flag controls whether dbt sends explicit [`BEGIN`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/dg/r_BEGIN.html), [`COMMIT`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/dg/r_COMMIT.html), and [`ROLLBACK`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/redshift/latest/dg/r_ROLLBACK.html) statements to Amazon Redshift when autocommit is enabled. Since `dbt-redshift` 1.5, the default Redshift connection uses `autocommit=True`, so the driver already commits each statement. In that setup, the statements are redundant when autocommit is enabled and add extra round trips to Redshift.
```

- When set to `False` (default), dbt sends `BEGIN`, `COMMIT`, and `ROLLBACK` statements (legacy behavior).
- When set to `True`, dbt skips the following transaction statements, which can reduce round trips and improve performance:

  - `begin()` does not send `BEGIN`.
  - `commit()` does not send `COMMIT`.

>   - `rollback_if_open()` does not send `ROLLBACK`.

Reviewer: Hiya Bianca

As a suggestion, could a short definition of transaction terms be added for clarity? Something like: BEGIN starts a transaction, COMMIT saves it, and ROLLBACK cancels it?

And also, begin() does not send BEGIN is a little unclear on first read. Could we clarify method vs SQL statement (same for commit()/rollback_if_open()), for example: “dbt still calls begin() internally, but does not execute a BEGIN statement on Redshift.

Author: Hey @nataliefiann , I pushed some editorial changes here: https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/9042/commits/efa5a95bbcb59e7723c593f086d329a1a8b76035 Please let me know if this looks ok!

> dbt still maintains its internal `transaction_open` state so that transaction tracking in dbt stays consistent, even when those statements are skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dbt still maintains its internal `transaction_open` state so transaction tracking remains consistent even when those SQL statements are skipped.
```

> To skip unnecessary transaction statements when autocommit is enabled, set the flag to `True` in your `dbt_project.yml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To skip unnecessary transaction statements when `autocommit` is enabled, set the flag to `True` in your `dbt_project.yml`:
```

## `redshift_skip_autocommit_transaction_statements` flag

The `redshift_skip_autocommit_transaction_statements` flag is `False` by default, preserving legacy transaction behavior.

When `autocommit=True` (the default since `dbt-redshift 1.5`), each statement is automatically committed by the driver. By default, dbt still sends explicit `BEGIN` / `COMMIT` / `ROLLBACK` statements, which are unnecessary and add extra round trips to Redshift.

> When you set the `redshift_skip_autocommit_transaction_statements` flag set to `True`, dbt skips sending transaction management statements when autocommit is enabled, reducing unnecessary round trips and improving performance.

Author: ```suggestion
When you set the `redshift_skip_autocommit_transaction_statements` to `True`, dbt skips sending transaction management statements when autocommit is enabled, reducing unnecessary round trips and improving performance.
```
